Good morning, family.
I have a very strong prophetic warning to give right now.
Last night I was praying, and in my prayer time, the Lord opened my eyes to the spirit realm.
He said, "Brandon, the last visions have come and they've gone.
" What the Lord showed me about New Orleans and Las Vegas has happened.
So now He said, "I'm going to show you the next wave of things that you are to warn the body for what is coming.
" It all started while I was just worshipping and praying like I normally do, and all of a sudden, it was as if a vision was being put out in front of me.
I told my wife, "Get the phone, you've got to record it.
" I saw massive farming equipment on the East Coast, and there were silos.
The Lord said, "I want you to focus on fertilizer.
" All of a sudden, everything was coming at me very fast.
I could see these men buying lots of fertilizer since this summer over the course of quite a while.
I have to describe what I saw: I saw trees with leaves, summer grass growing—it was hot outside—and I saw these men collecting fertilizer through different places so that they would not be detected, buying in bulk without drawing suspicion.
These men were storing this fertilizer.
I saw massive dump trucks with separation in the back containing 50-gallon drums filled with different chemicals to make what happened in Oklahoma City back in the '90s.
This was not black powder, but this fertilizer stuff in a big diesel dump truck that looked like a construction vehicle.
They put all this in so that it would cause a major catastrophic event.
They made the front of it bulletproof with very strong armor so you could not shoot it to stop it.
This armor was underneath, so it wasn't easily seen.
I saw these men with vests on in the front cab of the truck, and they had explosives on these vests.
There were two men in the truck, and they used it to go through police and military barricades in Washington, D.
C.
When they tried to stop them at a checkpoint, they pushed through the barricade because the truck was very strong.
Then they were surrounded, they ignited their vests, and they took out everybody.
When this happened, there was a massive crater in the ground and all the buildings were completely wiped out.
They tried to get as close as they could to the Capitol and major landmarks of Washington, D.
C.
The Lord spoke to me about lone wolves in America.
They were sympathetic to terrorism, acting alone.
They are part of an organization, but they are not part of a big group.
I saw different individuals throughout towns acting alone.
There were lots of them, and they weren't necessarily illegal immigrants from across the border; they were people who already lived here.
The Lord showed me white cargo vans with no windows on the side that would carry 50-gallon drums of fertilizer.
They were parking them in New York City in parking garages and close to buildings so they did not look suspicious.
I saw them trying to get as close as they could to Trump Towers, and they had a plan to take out Trump Towers and golf courses throughout America.
The Lord spoke to me and said, "This is bigger than terrorists.
" I saw it was in retaliation for Qasem Soleimani, the man that was taken out in Iraq.
I saw that man's face, and they said, "We have not forgotten his assassination.
" They were coming against America, especially Trump, in retaliation for what happened in Iran.
I saw this was a government operation with a thousand men coming through underground drug trafficking tunnels.
This is a multi-hundred-million-dollar operation that has been going on for the last four years, gathering supplies, and they are here.
I saw darkness in ten major cities, with groups of a hundred people per attack coming out of the ground like ants.
The Lord said, "This is not terrorists per se; this is an act of war.
" This is a government of another country coming against America, making it look like terrorism.
You will see a great shaking still to come because of past administrations not securing the borders.
I warn you to pray—not a call to fear, but a call to prayer.
I saw plans and plots from these men to try to disrupt the inauguration.
After the election, I heard the word "strike" five times.
These were major events trying to bring fear upon the American people.
We must pray for what is dear to Trump, specifically his children.
This is about retaliation, with funding hidden through crypto and communication through untraceable sources.
It is about Syria and things happening as America lines up with Israel.
We pray protection over your families, our President, and the capital of America.
This was very dark; these people obviously do not value their own lives.
When they ignited their vests, it was a massive explosion, bigger than Oklahoma City.
It was fertilizer, and I am trying to communicate what I see in the spirit.
These vans were targeted at Trump hotels and locations.
It is a network of people who want to kill, steal, and destroy.
It was also about Europe, including France and England.
I am not here to stir up fear, but the last visions I saw came to pass, and now the Lord is giving more.
I believe we lessened what happened in New Orleans by prayer.
In Las Vegas, God used a bulletproof Cybertruck to shoot the blast straight up, so the glass at the Trump building did not even break.
Even the tires were not popped.
While people lost their lives in New Orleans, where there is a strong presence of witchcraft on Bourbon Street, we can stop these events through prayer.
My job is to raise up a million-person prayer army to change events in politics and the financial realm.
It is time to rise and shine, for the light has come.
You have the ability to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
He gave His angels charge to bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
It is time for the body of Christ to take our authority.
I believe we will see great changes.
New Orleans was tragic, but it could have been worse.
Pipe bombs did not go off and churches were not affected.
This will be a year of great acceleration and an outpouring of the Spirit.
I talked to an elderly Jewish man about the tradition of the groom giving presents to the bride.
He said that was an old tradition, and that is what Jesus would go by.
God is giving His remnant gifts, and huge financial blessings are coming to the church.
In 2025, believe for big things.
I am believing for my daughter's healing and for God to show up in our lives.
As a watchman, I am looking through my binoculars again and seeing another major event, but we can stop and lessen this through prayer.
We pray for supernatural protection over the Secret Service assigned to Trump, that the Holy Spirit would reveal danger to them.
Father, I thank You for this country and for President Trump.
I thank You for the wisdom given to the administration to stop these hidden cells.
We pray for confusion in the enemy's camp.
America is a giver; we have sowed billions to Ukraine and Israel, and whatsoever a man sows, he shall reap.
We pray for mercy and that You would heal our land.
We thank You that these men are brought to justice in all ten cities and at every Trump location.
We pray a hedge of protection around landmarks like the New York Stock Exchange and the One World Trade Center.
We pray for mending hearts in New Orleans and the restoration of all that was lost.
I thank You, Lord, for restoring what the cankerworm ate ate in these people's lives.
We thank You for the supernatural finances pouring out on the remnant.
You are the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, and You will protect us from the fiery furnace and the lions' den.
A thousand may fall at our side, but it will not come near us.
We thank You for the anointing of the Holy Spirit and Your grace and mercy.
We call everyone healed and delivered from sickness, dementia, Alzheimer's, depression, or anxiety.
We receive Your divine protection in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen.
I hope this video blessed you.
I have to tell you what I saw so the government can prepare.
They have been buying fertilizer in small amounts over time to avoid attention.
The enemy is coming down, but the Lord shows us this so we can pray against it.
We take communion for divine protection.
By Your stripes, we are healed.
We are overcomers by the blood of the Lamb and the word of our testimony.
God has not given you a spirit of fear but of power, love, and a sound mind.
Where the blood is applied, Satan cannot cross.
We apply the blood over our towns and cities.
We surrender all to You, our blessed Savior.
Great is Your faithfulness to us, oh God.
Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
In Your presence, there is healing divine.
Hallelujah, You have won the victory and given it all for me.
Death could not hold You down; You are the Risen King, seated in majesty.
We refresh today as we drink from the living water.
Jesus is coming soon.
Thank you for joining us in prayer.
We pray for your supernatural breakthrough in 2025.
We cry out like blind Bartimaeus, "Jesus, Son of David, have mercy on us!
" We are Your joint-heirs, and we are seated with You at the table.
Come and dine, for He turned the water into wine.
Peace, wonderful peace, coming down from the Father above.